hello over the next round of ass whoop
we're fighting summer the Hedgehog today
for some reason here even though we
didn't fight him here originally oh just
all that looks awesome right there oh
yeah kid touches what the fucker yeah
you got a cocky little smart going not
for long bitch
go back to voicing wine and silver we
don't want you here no seriously the new
voice for silver is I think I voice
crying in the middle of your cell anyway
board breaking shit gives you a boost
gauge for some reason wait wait how the
hell is sore teleporting watching they
did establish that he had a candy was
guarding a chaos you know you take this
I mean that there we go you know it's
gonna hurt getting one of the pavement
that many times better better believe it
wait look at is just say he night hold
on Michelle
oh hey you're holding your car miss me
so yeah this up if it isn't obvious this
boss is about six hundred times better
than here in of all I don't think I need
to go into detail 2 y.o
give up no you give up sewer wash I'm
ugly I metro
all right let's see on here we go the
vent port phones hold for five do for a
second i spaced out and forgot I was
doing a commentary sorrow that ok so now
this bit holy shit
oh oh you just got pwned bitch I love
that ending I absolutely love that
anything besides sitting on the air it
looks sitting on the air to me see you
next time guys